is this better? (#122)
opensouls/community: docs/pages/index.mdx

<div className="flex flex-col-reverse lg:flex-row items-center justify-between mt-8">
  <div>
    The Soul Engine is a total solution for typescript developers looking to give their AIs capabilities beyond simple turn taking with GPT. The Engine provides a remote execution environment, plus framework, plus debugger, that is an all-in-one hosted and scalable solution for developers looking to program and debug how their AIs think, feel, remember, and act. Think NextJS + Vercel for the minds of digital beings.

>     The Engine is designed such that it takes under 30 seconds to deploy AI that 10s of thousands of users can interact with. Yet, the Engine runtime is programmable, and infinitely extensible, with powerful built-in-features like pure functional and hence debuggable memory operations, integrated vector store memory solutions with atomic state change tracking, and background processes for long running computations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The Engine is designed such that it takes under 30 seconds to deploy AI that 10s of thousands of users can interact with. Yet, the Engine runtime is programmable, and infinitely extensible, with powerful built-in-features like resumable conversations,  fully debuggable memory, integrated vector store solutions with atomic change tracking, multi-model (and multi-modal) support, and background processes for long running computations.
```

>     The Engine is designed such that it takes under 30 seconds to deploy AI that 10s of thousands of users can interact with. Yet, the Engine runtime is programmable, and infinitely extensible, with powerful built-in-features like resumable conversations,  fully debuggable memory, integrated vector store solutions with atomic change tracking, multi-model (and multi-modal) support, and background processes for long running computations.

Reviewer 2: 10s of thousands -> tens of thousands

~~Yet,~~ The Engine runtime is programmable and extensible, with built-in-features like resumable conversations, debuggable memory, atomic vector stores, multimodality, and subprocceses.

Reviewer 2: maybe resumable conversations (sounds like too simple a feature) is something like... dialogue state management

Author: def open up a new PR if you think it needs changes!

Author: persistent maybe is the point?
